Our family and friends are precious to us.
They show us love.
They are there when we need them.
So when we lose a loved one in death,
we want comfort from someone who understands.
God and His Son, Jesus, understand.
While on Earth,
Jesus experienced the pain of losing family and friends.
After the death of a close friend named Lazarus,
Jesus' grief was intense.
He felt what others felt.
The pain was crushing,
yet His empathy moved Him to comfort others.
Still, He wanted to do more.
Jesus spoke with His Father
and brought His friend back to life.
Jehovah God and Jesus have not changed.
They feel pain when people die.
They feel your pain
and have promised to eliminate death.
God will swallow up death forever.
Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces.
Jesus also gave this beautiful promise for the future.
Do not be amazed at this.
For the hour is coming
in which all those in the memorial tombs
will hear His voice and come out.
A special magazine entitled
Help For Those Who Grieve
has been prepared to provide comfort.
You can download your copy free of charge on JW.org.
We are sorry for your loss
and hope that this message will provide you comfort
during this difficult time.